what's up everybody and for part 44 I
got a cool new mission that was this is
actually a sucker punch developed one
and it's called tunnel of pain and
you're going to see why in exactly one
second and it's because you guessed it
you're in a tunnel and from what I
understand there's definitely a lot of
pain that's involved so basically what
you got to do in this one is you got to
work your way down this kind of
zigzagging corridor but you got to make
sure that you're kind of precise and
you're also conservative with your
electricity because the only places you
can really refill are exposed to enemy
fire so you got to be very careful so I
kind of use my just main blast power
because it does in this game on like the
last one it does use a power if you use
your main r1 attack but it doesn't use
up as much as say your grenades or you
know anything else speaking order nades
well alright so I'm gonna tried it wow
really not good alright shields just get
annoying so now I'm gonna run the cover
and I found this cool spot right here
you can kind of just drain electricity
from while you're in cover want to move
up a little bit sticky grenades for the
wind work like a charm awesome and for
some reason there's three people still
alive a suit like it's Pig um Oh
bullseye and hopefully that took out all
of them no it did not but that's ok cuz
oh whoa we just shot me back with a
shotgun I gotta get out of here I did
not know it a shotgun so let's run away
get some electricity and some health
and chargeback Adam this time from a
distance I'm going to get some head
shots off perfecto and I would also
recommend keeping some of these guys
alive so what cool yeah as I said I'd
alive while they're down because then
you could just buy leitrim and uh yeah
it gives you one experience too bad
karma so if you're going through on good
karma it's not going to be a detriment
to your your good morality that much so
it's all good who this is definitely a
time for some sticky grenades oh yeah oh
yeah
oh I stuck them in the head totally
meant to do that I was just flawless
accuracy on my iPad and looks like
they're all dead so we're just going to
keep moving let's hope there's somebody
alive because I don't have much
electricity cool I think that's so cool
that they show the character's x-ray
just cool little detail boom I'm gonna
try to kill the gunner with the car
perfecto and here we are the exit I see
the light of day again victory gonna do
a barrel roll to victory perfecto so
tunnel of pain I got 211 experience so I
thought that would be kind of a cool
level show you guys and uh yeah I will
see you guys for wow we are on coming up
on number 45 and there's still things to
do unbelievable and this is just a beta
see you guys for the next one